DOCS-#88:  Update main/getting_started pages of rst docs (#93)
modin-project/unidist: docs/getting_started.rst

Getting Started
"""""""""""""""

> unidist provides :doc:`a high-level API</flow/unidist/api>` to make distributed applications. To tune

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unidist provides :doc:`the high-level API</flow/unidist/api>` to make distributed applications. To tune
```

Author: Fixed.

> unidist's behavior user has several methods described in :doc:`unidist configuration setting</flow/unidist/config>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unidist's behavior the user has several methods described in :doc:`unidist configuration setting</flow/unidist/config>`
```

Author: Fixed.

> unidist's behavior user has several methods described in :doc:`unidist configuration setting</flow/unidist/config>`

Author: Fixed.

section.

Using unidist API
=================

> A short example below describes how to use unidist API to organize a parallel execution for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below shows how to use unidist API to make parallel execution for
```

Author: Fixed.

functions (tasks) and classes (actors).

.. code-block:: python

   # script.py
   if __name__ == "__main__":
      import unidist.config as cfg
      import unidist

      # Initialize unidist's backend. The Ray backend is used by default.
      unidist.init()

>       # Apply decorator to make `square` remote function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # Apply decorator to make `square` a remote function.
```

Author: Fixed.

>       # Apply decorator to make `square` remote function.

Author: Fixed.

      @unidist.remote
      def square(x):
         return x * x

      # Asynchronously execute remote function.

>       square_refs = [square.remote(i) for i in range(4)]

Reviewer: Where is getting results?

Author: This is placed after cubes computing. There is no `get` here to highlight that references could be provided in the next remote function without forcing computing using `get`.

Reviewer: I do not see getting materialized data on `square_refs`.

Author: I'm talking about this above. There is `get` only for `cubes_refs`.

Reviewer: This is strange to me that we only show materializing data `cubes_refs`. Let's add it for `square_refs` too.

Author: In this case it may gives an impression, that need to call `get` after the each remote call. Using `get` in the end of workflow is a better practice to not ruin async execution. I still prefer to leave it as it is.

@no-ponomarev, what's your opinion?

Reviewer: We can add it nearby getting materialized data for `cude_refs`.

Author: What's point to see a materialized data in `square_refs` (this doesn't workflow result)?

Reviewer: That example doesn't seem to me as a complete workflow. We just show how to use tasks and actors to run computation.

Reviewer 2: I think, @YarShev missed the chaining example in this section, `square_refs` are materialized inside an actor. I missed it too firstly. And that is what we should emphasize in comments.

Reviewer: No, It is intuitive that `square_refs` are materialized inside an actor and it is redundant to emphasize the materialization there in comments.

Reviewer 2: It was not for me. Than why did you want to call `get` on `square_refs` if they are already materialized through chaining?

Reviewer: Those materialized in a worker but not in the main process.

Author: I added `unidist.get(square_refs)` call before `unidist.get(cude_refs)`. I think @YarShev only wants to demonstrate, additionally, what data are placed behind `square_refs` .

Reviewer 2: Maybe just to add comment that you can call `get` on square_refs but also to implement chaining?

Reviewer: Chaining is shown for Cube, getting the data further. I think it is okay.

      # Apply decorator to make `Counter` actor class.
      @unidist.remote
      class Cube:
         def __init__(self):
               self.volume = None

         def compute_volume(self, square):
               self.volume = square ** 1.5

         def read(self):
               return self.volume

      # Create instances of the actor class.
      cubes = [Cube.remote() for _ in range(len(square_refs))]
      # Asynchronously execute methods of the actor class.
      [cube.compute_volume.remote(square) for cube, square in zip(cubes, square_refs)]

>       refs = [cube.read.remote() for cube in cubes]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      cube_refs = [cube.read.remote() for cube in cubes]
```

Author: Fixed.

      # Get materialized results.

>       print(unidist.get(refs)) # [0.0, 1.0, 8.0, 27.0]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      print(unidist.get(cube_refs)) # [0.0, 1.0, 8.0, 27.0]
```

Author: Fixed.

Choosing unidist's backend
===========================

There are several ways to choose an execution backend for distributed computations.
First, the recommended way is to use :doc:`unidist CLI </using_cli>` options:

.. code-block:: bash

    # Running the script with unidist on Ray backend
    $ unidist script.py --backend ray
    # Running the script with unidist on Dask backend
    $ unidist script.py --backend dask

Second, setting the environment variable:

.. code-block:: bash

    # unidist will use Ray backend to distribute computations
    export UNIDIST_BACKEND=ray
    # unidist will use Dask backend to distribute computations
    export UNIDIST_BACKEND=dask

Third, using :doc:`config API </flow/unidist/config>` directly in your script:

.. code-block:: python

    import unidist.config as cfg
    cfg.Backend.put("ray") # unidist will use Ray backend to distribute computations
    import unidist.config as cfg
    cfg.Backend.put("dask") # unidist will use Dask backend to distribute computations

Running unidist application
===========================

> To run the script described above need to use `unidist` command line interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the script mentioned above the unidist CLI should be used:
```

Author: Fixed.
